README.md, before:

# Zied Toumia

** Developer • Craftsman • Clean Code Enthusiast **

I'm a backend developer driven by software craftsmanship, clean architecture, and the pursuit of elegant code.  
I believe great engineering is not only about shipping features — it’s about writing code that feels *alive*, *evolutive*, and *intentional*.

---
### 🧰 Language and tools


<!-- Backend -->
<img align="left" alt="Java" width="30" style="padding-right:10px;" src="https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/gh/devicons/devicon/icons/java/java-original.svg" />
<img align="left" alt="Spring" width="30" style="padding-right:10px;" src="https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/gh/devicons/devicon/icons/spring/spring-original.svg" />
<img align="left" alt="Typescript" width="30" style="padding-right:10px;" src="https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/gh/devicons/devicon/icons/typescript/typescript-original.svg" />
<img align="left" alt="React" width="30" style="padding-right:10px;" src="https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/gh/devicons/devicon/icons/react/react-original.svg" />
<img align="left" alt="Apachekafka" width="30" style="padding-right:10px;" src="https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/gh/devicons/devicon/icons/apachekafka/apachekafka-original.svg" />
<img align="left" alt="Linux" width="30px" style="padding-right:10px;" src="https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/gh/devicons/devicon/icons/linux/linux-original.svg" />
<img align="left" alt="HTML" width="30px" style="padding-right:10px;" src="https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/gh/devicons/devicon/icons/html5/html5-plain.svg" />
<img align="left" alt="CSS" width="30px" style="padding-right:10px;" src="https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/gh/devicons/devicon/icons/css3/css3-plain.svg" />
<img align="left" alt="JavaScript" width="30px" style="padding-right:10px;" src="https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/gh/devicons/devicon/icons/javascript/javascript-plain.svg" />
<img align="left" alt="Angular" width="30px" style="padding-right:10px;" src="https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/gh/devicons/devicon/icons/angularjs/angularjs-plain.svg" />
<img align="left" alt="Python" width="30px" style="padding-right:10px;" src="https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/gh/devicons/devicon/icons/python/python-plain.svg" />
<img align="left" alt="Docker" width="30" style="padding-right:10px;" src="https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/gh/devicons/devicon/icons/docker/docker-original.svg" />
<img align="left" alt="Kubernetes" width="30" style="padding-right:10px;" src="https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/gh/devicons/devicon/icons/kubernetes/kubernetes-plain.svg" />
<img align="left" alt="GitHub" width="30px" style="padding-right:10px;" src="https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/gh/devicons/devicon/icons/github/github-original.svg" />
<img align="left" alt="Bash" width="30px" style="padding-right:10px;" src="https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/gh/devicons/devicon/icons/bash/bash-original.svg" />

<br clear="left" />

#

### 📊 Stats

![Your GitHub stats](https://github-readme-stats.vercel.app/api?username=ztoumia&show_icons=true&theme=tokyonight&hide_border=true)
![Top Langs](https://github-readme-stats.vercel.app/api/top-langs/?username=ztoumia&layout=compact&theme=tokyonight&hide_border=true)

#

### 🌍 Connect with Me

[![LinkedIn](https://img.shields.io/badge/LinkedIn-blue?logo=linkedin&logoColor=white)](https://www.linkedin.com/in/zied-toumia-b6930729)
[![Email](https://img.shields.io/badge/Email-toumiazied+github@gmail.com-red?logo=gmail&logoColor=white)](mailto:toumiazied+github@gmail.com)
[![GitHub](https://img.shields.io/badge/GitHub-ztoumia-black?logo=github)](https://github.com/ztoumia)

Commit message:

Revise developer description in README
Updated personal description to reflect indie full-stack development experience.

README.md, after:

# Zied Toumia

** Developer • Craftsman • Clean Code Enthusiast **

I'm an indie full-stack developer,  driven by software craftsmanship, clean architecture, and the pursuit of elegant code.  Every project I take on is crafted from the ground up, from planning and designing to solving real-world problems with clean, thoughtful code.

---
### 🧰 Language and tools


<!-- Backend -->
<img align="left" alt="Java" width="30" style="padding-right:10px;" src="https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/gh/devicons/devicon/icons/java/java-original.svg" />
<img align="left" alt="Spring" width="30" style="padding-right:10px;" src="https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/gh/devicons/devicon/icons/spring/spring-original.svg" />
<img align="left" alt="Typescript" width="30" style="padding-right:10px;" src="https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/gh/devicons/devicon/icons/typescript/typescript-original.svg" />
<img align="left" alt="React" width="30" style="padding-right:10px;" src="https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/gh/devicons/devicon/icons/react/react-original.svg" />
<img align="left" alt="Apachekafka" width="30" style="padding-right:10px;" src="https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/gh/devicons/devicon/icons/apachekafka/apachekafka-original.svg" />
<img align="left" alt="Linux" width="30px" style="padding-right:10px;" src="https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/gh/devicons/devicon/icons/linux/linux-original.svg" />
<img align="left" alt="HTML" width="30px" style="padding-right:10px;" src="https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/gh/devicons/devicon/icons/html5/html5-plain.svg" />
<img align="left" alt="CSS" width="30px" style="padding-right:10px;" src="https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/gh/devicons/devicon/icons/css3/css3-plain.svg" />
<img align="left" alt="JavaScript" width="30px" style="padding-right:10px;" src="https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/gh/devicons/devicon/icons/javascript/javascript-plain.svg" />
<img align="left" alt="Angular" width="30px" style="padding-right:10px;" src="https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/gh/devicons/devicon/icons/angularjs/angularjs-plain.svg" />
<img align="left" alt="Python" width="30px" style="padding-right:10px;" src="https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/gh/devicons/devicon/icons/python/python-plain.svg" />
<img align="left" alt="Docker" width="30" style="padding-right:10px;" src="https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/gh/devicons/devicon/icons/docker/docker-original.svg" />
<img align="left" alt="Kubernetes" width="30" style="padding-right:10px;" src="https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/gh/devicons/devicon/icons/kubernetes/kubernetes-plain.svg" />
<img align="left" alt="GitHub" width="30px" style="padding-right:10px;" src="https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/gh/devicons/devicon/icons/github/github-original.svg" />
<img align="left" alt="Bash" width="30px" style="padding-right:10px;" src="https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/gh/devicons/devicon/icons/bash/bash-original.svg" />

<br clear="left" />

#

### 📊 Stats

![Your GitHub stats](https://github-readme-stats.vercel.app/api?username=ztoumia&show_icons=true&theme=tokyonight&hide_border=true)
![Top Langs](https://github-readme-stats.vercel.app/api/top-langs/?username=ztoumia&layout=compact&theme=tokyonight&hide_border=true)

#

### 🌍 Connect with Me

[![LinkedIn](https://img.shields.io/badge/LinkedIn-blue?logo=linkedin&logoColor=white)](https://www.linkedin.com/in/zied-toumia-b6930729)
[![Email](https://img.shields.io/badge/Email-toumiazied+github@gmail.com-red?logo=gmail&logoColor=white)](mailto:toumiazied+github@gmail.com)
[![GitHub](https://img.shields.io/badge/GitHub-ztoumia-black?logo=github)](https://github.com/ztoumia)
